Warn of the realities of traffic analysis (#33)
DavidSchinazi/masque-drafts: draft-schinazi-masque-proxy.md

for MASQUE are indistinguishable from those of a regular Web browsing
connection. Separately, if paired with a non-probeable HTTP authentication
scheme {{?CONCEALED-AUTH=RFC9729}}, any Web server can also become a MASQUE
proxy while remaining indistinguishable from a regular Web server. This defeats
detection tools that operate solely on packet formats.

However, it is still possible to perform statitiscal analyses on the encrypted
data. There exist commercially available products that are able to identify
visited websites based solely on the timing and size of encrypted packets.
While MASQUE increases the cost of such traffic analysis efforts, it doesn't
prevent them from being used at scale.

> MASQUE implementations can leverage HTTP/2 and HTTP/3's ability to introduce

Reviewer: TLS and QUIC also offer the ability to pad.

padding inside the encryption. That enables many defensive strategies such as
ensuring that all packets are the same size, or introducing variable amounts of
cover traffic. From a theoretical perspective, sending data at a constant

> bitrate is the only way to fully prevent statistical analysis, but introduces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bitrate is the only way to fully prevent statistical analysis, but it likely introduces
```

> too much overhead to be deployable at scale. Determination of padding amounts
> to optimize resistance against statistical analysis remains an open research
> problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
too much overhead to be deployable at scale. Finding padding strategies that
balance resistance against statistical analysis with overheads remains an open
research problem.
```
